# Chromebook-20221106

I purchased a new Chromebook, and I wanted to set this up through the Ethernet I set up at my office. Although I contracted this cable internet service through Cox back in July 2022, I just began to use this service last week. I never used the modem before, becasue I wanted to do my best effort to prevent the hacking of this modem. Last week I used it to try to get an Asus Laptop with Windows 11, but the machine was hacked in the first session. I won't get into the details becasue if I do, I won't write and document what I want to document about my experience today. 

I had not tried to log into the modem's user interface until today. I waited becasue when I visited the 192.168.100.1 address, I got the following message "Your connection to this site is not secure." But today 20221106, I disconnected the cable's cable, so no internet, and then I tried to log into it. However, I did not know the username and password. So using DialPad.com, the web version, at 1750PST, I called Cox to (800) 929-5118, and after I identified myself through my sixteen digits account number, the one listed at the top of the very fist statement I got, which begin with the numbers "001 8610 XXXXXXXXX," and then entered the PIN which is also listed in this document. 

Apparently I was able to get somebody from tech support on the line, but this girl said she did not know how I could log into the modem. When I mentioned I wanted to configure the firewall of the modem, she told me that they don't get into firewalls and things like this becasue these are too complex (Apparently this is the tech support for Cox business accounts). She provided me with the phone number (877) 466-8646 to get support from Arris. Here you can listen to the call: https://app.skiff.org/docs/28d88d3b-b999-494a-9773-2d54c99d8ce2#L3W71B2HmWtTVc6CoZidDrcSdURqMT8qn6z6n5%2BpVlA%3D

So at 1817PST, I called (877) 466-8646, and apparently, I spoke to a young man called Aaron ( he did not sound et all like a profesisonal agent: "Thank you very much for calling..."). After I gave him the product model, he told me it was no longer supported. And so I looked at the label of the modem, and yes, it is dated as 2016. Here you can listen to that conversation: https://app.skiff.org/docs/2952e3a3-b372-4f52-92a5-7e56f1767119#IMWpCHTLGigzNz3a%2Fx9JC%2Fu7weTLNx%2BVE%2FbuOsYiZN0%3D

Researching over the internet, I finally found the specifics of how to login to the modem. User admin and the last eith digits of the serial number. So I disconnected the cable from the modem, and then logged into it. The very fist time I did this, I was immediatly kicked out of it. I don't know if it was hacked, but as far as I requested it, the modem should not have any wireless or bluetooth capabilities. And for the Chromebook, I set the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth adapters to off. Although more than once I saw the Wi-Fi icon appeared in the lower right corner of the screen, and a notification about a captive portal. Here you can see the chrome://device-log history I collected: https://github.com/cybertrapped/Chromebook-20221106/blob/main/chrome_device-log 

So, then I logged back in and finally was able to stay logged in for a bit. My first surprise was to see the date and time as "Current System Time: Thu, 01 Jan 1970 00:09:58." 

I was surprised at this, and I wanted to speak to the apparent Cox support again. Anybody really. So I called Cox again, and this time, contrary to what I have been doing, I identified myself through my phone number. This is when I realized that there is more than one account, with the address of the building where I rent my office, and associated to with my phone number. Here you can hear the phone call: https://app.skiff.org/docs/6da4bbaa-8f61-42a5-bb14-0a11157babd8#lyJrcfIqLna5M2dxxgu9AdYUwM7af6phrQwMAuvN6FQ%3D

I feel aweful. I don't know who to talk to. I have ran out of money, and these people disabled me from working, either as a singer on the streets (street performer) or remote work since I cannot get a secure computer much least secure internet service. This is a crime and I can't get help. 

CONCLUSION: I am appalled that Cox would provide me with a 2016 modem that failed security. Still, I believe the user interface may not reflect the modem, because I can remember accessing modems as back as 2010 and they already provided users with the ability to set the firewall, and many other features. BUT IN ALL HONESTY, I think this is not the equipment the company provides to regular business users. I think the company is cooperating with whoever is targetting me, and I think that even if they are cooperating with a government agency, this is illegal, or negligent. 



